Modify production environment backup recommendation (#3747)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_performing-an-online-backup.adoc

[id="Performing_an_Online_Backup_{context}"]
= Performing an online backup

ifdef::katello,orcharhino,satellite[]
.Risks associated with online backups
When you perform an online backup, most {Project} services remain running and usable.

> Background workers are shut down to ensure consistent backup and operations that require these workers remain in pending state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Background workers are shut down to ensure consistent backups.
Operations that require background workers remain in pending state.
```

suggestion (non-blocking): split sentence. I also think we should either say "consistent backups" or "a consistent backup".

> Additionally the backup process ensures that the Pulp data (`/var/lib/pulp`) is not altered during the backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the backup process ensures that the Pulp data (`/var/lib/pulp`) is not altered during the backup.
```
alternative:

```suggestion
The backup process ensures that the Pulp data (`/var/lib/pulp`) is not altered during the backup.
```

Because the backup of the Pulp database is the most time consuming part of backing up {Project}, if you make a change that alters the Pulp database during this time, the backup procedure keeps restarting.
endif::[]

[WARNING]
====

> Request other users of {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer} to save any changes and warn them that {Project} services are unavailable for the duration of the backup.

Reviewer 2: This is not correct for online backups.
```suggestion
Request other users of {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer} to save any changes and warn them that some {Project} services may be unavailable for the duration of the backup.
```
